All right, congratulations for
making it through this section.
We covered a lot of
material in this section.
Hopefully, you have a
pretty good grasp of c++
functions and how they work.
Now you're ready for a challenge.
This challenge won't be easy.
Remember the challenge from section 9.
In that challenge, we had a vector of
integers and we wrote a menu-driven
system that allowed the user to
display the numbers, add a number
to the list, calculate the mean,
the smallest and the largest.
That challenge was all about
applying what you learned up to
that point in the course, and let
you use control flow statements
like loops and if statements.
Well, for this challenge, we're going
to solve that problem all over again.
Except this time our solution will
be modularized in terms of functions.
You can start with your solution and
refactor it so that it uses functions.
Or you can start with my
solution which is included in the
challenge project in workspace 11.
Or you could start this challenge
from scratch, it's really up to you.
Let me give you a few hints
and tips for this challenge.
Remember, this is not an easy
challenge, so if you get frustrated
take a break, come back to it later.
Here are a few hints.
Create functions for each of the
major functions in the program.
Keep the function small.
Remember the boss worker analogy.
Keep the vector declaration
in the main function and
pass the vector object to any
function that requires it.
Don't be tempted to move that
vector object outside the main
and make it a global variable
that will really defeat the
whole purpose of this exercise.
Now you can start by defining a
function that displays the menu,
that's a real simple function call
it display menu, and all it is
is a bunch of output statements.
And then you can call that function
whenever you need to display the menu.
You can then define a function
that reads the selection from the
user and returns it in uppercase.
That way we don't have to
deal with checking lowercase
and uppercase selections.
Then create functions
for each menu option.
And then finally, create functions
that display the list of numbers,
function that calculates the mean
a, function that looks for the
smallest and the largest and so forth.
Take it one function at a
time, and take your time.
Again, if you get
frustrated, take a break.
Finally, don't forget to
use function prototypes.
Use them, let the compiler
help you every step of the way.
All right, good luck.
I know you can do it.
When you're finished, compare it to my
solution, which is in the next video.